# About-our-platfrom-
INTRODUCTION   Lung protocol is a platform created for buyers and sellers all over the world.With an easy-to-use online store builder Platform, any seller is able to create their own storefront to sell their things, while making use of the Lung protocol platform’s wide range of features for a minimal fee.Our service offers great opportunities for self-employed and entrepreneurs, small scale manufacturers, family businesses and makers of handmade crafts, including a selection of tools for direct customer feedback, bookkeeping, sales analysis, advertising and promotion, as well as a convenient, user-friendly interface. lung protocol utilizes innovative technological features to guarantee the maximum security in all your transactions. Securely buy &amp; sell anywhere with decentralized reputation &amp; escrow using the L2P token.                                                                                       ABOUT PLATFORM   Lung protocol is a decentralized marketplace that allows anyone to buy and sell products or services for cryptocurrencies on a global scale. The marketplace will support thousands of merchants and millions of listings, with its primary focus on no fees. Sell and buy goods fast, secure and without commissions. Pay by crypto. Lung protocol is world’s largest decentralized, peer-to-peer marketplace. The computational efficiency of our protocol is powered by key code design features like forward and backward compatibility, component-based modular structure, and asynchronous core architecture. We are focused on bringing the benefits of this new disruptive technology to future facing enterprises that recognize its trans formative role in bringing real‑world commercial advantage. Lung protocol is a platform created for buyers and sellers all over the world. With an easy-to-use online store builder Platform, any seller is able to create their own storefront to sell their things, while making use of the Lung protocol platform’s wide range of features for a minimal fee. Our service offers great opportunities for self-employed and entrepreneurs, small scale manufacturers, family businesses and makers of handmade crafts, including a selection of tools for direct customer feedback, bookkeeping, sales analysis, advertising and promotion, as well as a convenient, user-friendly interface. Lung Protocol (L2P) powers our merchant storefronts and e-commerce ecosystem. Sell and buy goods fast, secure and without commissions. Pay by crypto.                                                                                            OUR VISION                                                                                  Our main intention is not to replace Fiat currency however, we aim to provide a unique approach to creating an ecosystem unattached to the current inflationary model. As we all know, Fiat currency is the foundational currency in which our society operates on a daily basis. Lung Protocol provides a reliable, stable and tax-exempt cryptocurrency to enable seamless transactions. A limited supply currency hosting safer transactions in an ecosystem that allows the token holders to have full control of their finances at all times. A limited supply currency in which there is no third-party requiring permission to interact with Lung Protocol (L2P).                                                                                    TOKEN INFORMATION                                                                                            Token Name  :Lung Protocol                                                                                       Token symbol  :L2P                                                                                           Token type  :ERC20                                                                                      Token contract  :0xee0f286776639cd363da810daf3e0623f82576b0                                                                                      Token Decimal  :18                                                                                        Token Supply  :750000000                                                                                                  USEFUL LINKS                                                                                                             1. https://t.me/LungProtocol_Group                                                                                                         2. https://t.me/LungProtocol_Channel                                                                                                         3. https://twitter.com/lungprotocol                                                                                                         4. https://medium.com/@lungprotocol                                                                                                         5. https://web.facebook.com/lungProtocol                                                                                                         6. https://github.com/LungProtocol                                                                                                         7. https://www.linkedin.com/company/lungprotocolinfo/                                                                                                                                                                                  EXCHANGE                                                                                        1. CryptloCEX  http://cryptlocex.com/                                                                                    2. Switchdex http://switchdex.com/                                                                                    3. Bolddax http://bolddax.com/                                                                                    4. exnce http://exnce.com/                                                                                                                                                             Ongoing till 10th July   Lung Protocol decide to arrange a self drop program to deliver an amazing eCommerce platform. As you all know for an e commerce platform community is the power to archive success for the future as well as you will be benefited by this path way there is a great chance to make money whatever you want in crypto exchange after lunching your favorite L2P in the open market. This concept will bring you a financial freedom world. Dear respectable community Lung Protocol is an ERC20 token now that is under ETHEUREUM block chain but very soon Lung Protocol will lunch main net for community betterment and to create the main vision in eCommerce sector.                                                         SELFDROP          
